ContainerRuntime: Remove the contents property of batchBegin/batchEnd's "op" event arg (#22791)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/fruity-sites-boil.md

---
"@fluidframework/runtime-definitions": minor
---
---
"section": other
---

> ContainerRuntime's 'batchBegin'/'batchEnd' events: Removing the `contents` property on event arg `op`
> 
> The 'batchBegin'/'batchEnd' events on ContainerRuntime indicate when a batch is beginning/finishing being processed.
> The `contents` property on there is not useful or relevant when reasoning over incoming changes at the batch level.
> So it has been removed from the `op` event arg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes to the batchBegin and batchEnd events on ContainerRuntime

The 'batchBegin'/'batchEnd' events on ContainerRuntime indicate when a batch is beginning or finishing being processed. The `contents` property on the event argument `op` is not useful or relevant when reasoning over incoming changes at the batch level. Accordingly, it has been removed from the `op` event argument.
```

Author: @tylerbutler you'll have to make a follow-up PR, Kian had auto-merge on. I'm still OOF just saw the notification

Reviewer: No worries, I'll chat with Kian about it.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/pull/23015
